There have been a lot of people who have influenced me throughout the
course of my life and my career. Um, if I'm just looking at my life
over all, not with particular emphasis on my career I would say that
my greatest mentors or influencers have been, um, my grandmother who
taught me how to be creative, um, and kind of see the world in, ah,
slightly different matter. Like, how can I do this? She was really
smart and, um, always looking like, you know, how could we make this
happen? And so I think she really passed that down to me. Um, my mom
for showing me what it looks like. Thio kind of buck expectations
of what your life should be and toe lead your own life the way that
you want it to be. She was the first woman in her family who attended
college number one and actually finish college after she had married
my dad and her whole family was like, What are you doing? Like you?
You got what you were supposed to get by going to college. You got
a husband like why do you need to finish this process and she was
like, because I want to have a college degree. And so she did Onda.
That was, you know, very characteristic of her entire life and then
my stepmother. Because So she began her career as a nurse and then
ended up. She worked for a nurse's for several years, went back to school,
got her master's in public health and then started doing work
in terms of, like, administration within, like, health care. She was
the vice president of the hospital for a while. She ended her career
like ending or running a clinic. Uh, you see, a medical center, Um,
and all of this was while she was raising my younger brothers. And
so she has been really influential to me. Um, in terms of how to kind
of handle, you know, having a family and a career, both of which
are very meaningful to me.